Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S."
I PLAY JUNK ARCHER'S
ABILITY.
IT TAKES YOUR PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS
AND REMOVES IT FROM
THE DUEL.
UH...
Lester: WHAT GIVES?
SINCE IT WAS TWO SIGNERS THAT
JUST DUELED IT OUT,
I THOUGHT FOR SURE THAT
THE CIRCUIT WOULD ACTIVATE.
Jakob: PATIENCE, LESTER.
FOR WHAT WE ARE PLANNING,
GREAT POWER IS REQUIRED.
THEN ALL THE CIRCUITS
WILL BE ACTIVATED,
AND OUR GRAND DESIGN WILL,
AT LONG LAST, BE REALIZED.
Lester: IT'S HERE.
MY STONE TABLET.
YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS.
PRIMO DOESN'T GET TO HAVE ALL
THE FUN BY HIMSELF.
TODAY, WE HAVE
A NEW CLASSMATE
THAT I'M GOING
TO INTRODUCE YOU TO.
MEET LESTER.
HI, EVERYONE.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
HE'S DREAMY.
Luna: LESTER.
HEY, I WAS WONDERING,
WHAT ARE YA UP TO AFTER SCHOOL?
UM, TODAY?
THAT'S RIGHT.
SHE'S
UP TO STUFF
WITHOUT YOU.
I WAS WONDERING IF YOU
WANTED TO HANG OUT.
CAN'T YA
TAKE A HINT?
SHOO.
YOU COULD EVEN
COME TO MY HOUSE.
THERE'S SOMETHING THERE
I'D LIKE TO SHOW YOU.
REALLY?
OH! WHAT IS THAT?
YEAH.
[THINKING]
I GOTTA TELL
THE GUYS ABOUT THIS.
A DUEL BOARD?
YEAH.
SO THEN WITH
THIS DEVICE,
YOU WOULDN'T NEED TO
USE A DUEL RUNNER
TO BATTLE IT OUT
IN A TURBO DUEL.
IT LOOKS
SIMPLE ENOUGH.
IN FACT, I'LL BET
WE HAVE THE PARTS
TO PUT ONE TOGETHER
RIGHT HERE.
TIME TO TEST
THIS BAD BOY OUT.
HA HA HA!
LUNA, HOW'D YA FIND ME?
YUSEI TOLD ME WHAT
YOU WERE UP TO,
THAT YOU'RE TRAINING
TO TAKE ON LESTER.
YEAH, SO LEMME GUESS, YOU'RE
HERE TO TRY AND STOP ME.
STOP YOU FROM TRAINING
BY YOURSELF, THAT IS.
I THOUGHT I'D TRAIN
WITH YOU.
HUH? WHO IS THAT?
[THINKING]
I'M TIRED OF WAITING.
I'M GOING TO DUEL
A SIGNER,
AND I'M GOING
TO DUEL HER NOW.
Leo: HEY, WHOEVER YOU ARE,
HOW 'BOUT YOU TAKE ME ON, TOO?
IF THAT'S WHAT IT'S
GONNA TAKE TO DO THIS.
Leo: HE JUST SUMMONED
FIVE MONSTERS AT ONCE.
DO YOUR THING,
MACHINE EMPEROR.
NOW FIVE MONSTERS
HAVE BECOME ONE.
FEEL BETTER?
NOT REALLY...
'CAUSE THAT'S THE BIGGEST
MONSTER I'VE EVER SEEN.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
HA HA HA!
SO WHAT IF IT'S TWO ON ONE?
YOU'RE STILL NO MATCH
FOR MY ULTIMATE MONSTER,
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE
TO TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
YOU'LL SEE SOON ENOUGH
HOW HE STEALS THE SHOW.
LESTER CERTAINLY
IS SURE OF HIMSELF.
LET'S HOPE
IT DOESN'T COST HIM
THE DUEL OR WORSE.
LESTER KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING,
WHICH IS MORE THAN I CAN
SAY FOR YOU SOMETIMES.
WHOEVER THIS GUY IS,
HE SURE SEEMS PUMPED
ABOUT THAT MONSTER OF HIS, BUT
I CAN'T LET THAT SCARE ME OFF.
I HAVE TO PROTECT LUNA,
NO MATTER WHAT, NO MATTER WHAT.
[CHIRPS]
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
KURIBON?
Regulus:
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT, LUNA.
REGULUS?
HE'S FRIGHTENED,
AND SO AM I.
BUT WHAT OF?
THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN'T
ALL TAKE ON, RIGHT?
Yusei: FASTER, JACK. FASTER.
[THINKING]
I DON'T KNOW WHAT MY MARK'S
TRYING TO TELL ME,
BUT I DO KNOW IT'S ABOUT LUNA
AND THAT IT'S NOT GOOD.
I JUST HOPE WE CAN REACH HER
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
Crow:
MIND IF WE
TAG ALONG?
WELL, NOW. IF IT ISN'T
CROW AND AKIZA.
ALL RIGHT. WE'VE GOT
REINFORCEMENTS, YUSEI.
[THINKING]
GOOD 'CAUSE I THINK
WE'LL NEED THEM.
YOU TWO CAN'T KEEP UP IN THIS
DUEL OR ON THESE DUEL BOARDS.
HA HA HA!
UGH! WE'LL JUST
SEE ABOUT THAT.
I DRAW.
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT!
WITH THIS, IF I'M
ATTACKED DIRECTLY,
I'LL BE ABLE
TO SUMMON OUT
A MONSTER.
I'LL PLAY ONE FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MY MOVE, THEN. HA!
FIRST, I PLAY MY
FACEDOWN--TRAP STUN.
NOW NO TRAPS CAN BE USED
FOR THE REST OF THIS TURN,
AND SINCE THEY CAN'T,
MY MACHINE EMPEROR SKIEL
CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
UHH...
LEO!
HUH!
AH...
HOPE YOU
ENJOYED THAT
'CAUSE MY MACHINE
EMPEROR SKIEL'S
ONLY JUST STARTING
TO GEAR UP.
HIS TRUE TALENTS HAVE
YET TO BE REVEALED...
HA HA HA!
BUT FOR NOW, I'LL LEAVE
THINGS WITH A FACEDOWN.
AND I'LL LEAVE YOU
REGRETTING THAT YOU
HURT MY BROTHER.
HAH! I SUMMON
SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
THEN, FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I ACTIVATE THE ABILITY
OF SPORE.
NOW, BY REMOVING NETTLES
IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY,
I CAN SUMMON SPORE
OUT TO THE FIELD,
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
NOW I CAN TAKE
THE LEVEL OF THE CARD
I JUST REMOVED
AND ADD IT ON
TO SPORE'S LEVEL.
NEXT, I'LL TUNE MY LEVEL 3 SPORE
WITH MY LEVEL 4 SUNLIGHT UNICORN
AND LET THE MAGIC THAT LIVES
IN EACH OF THESE CREATURES
MERGE AND BECOME ONE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON THE MIGHTY,
THE MAJESTIC--
THE ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
[ROARS]
[THINKING]
AT LAST, IT'S HERE.
YOU SEE? LESTER HAS EVERYTHING
UNDER CONTROL.
Luna: NOW, THANKS TO
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
I CAN SUMMON A LEVEL
4-OR-BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY HAND ONCE PER TURN,
AND FOR THIS FIRST TURN,
THE MONSTER I CHOOSE TO SUMMON
IS THE FAIRY ARCHER...
AND WHEN SHE DRAWS BACK HER BOW,
YOU BETTER LOOK OUT
BECAUSE FOR EVERY
LIGHT ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
THAT'S OUT ON MY FIELD
AND FACE UP,
FAIRY ARCHER DEALS 400 POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO YOU.
AND LUNA'S GOT TWO OF THEM,
SO THAT'S 800 POINTS.
Luna: LET HIM HAVE IT,
FAIRY ARCHER.
AAH!
OOH.
HEH HEH HEH!
WAIT. SO WE FEEL DAMAGE,
BUT HE DOESN'T?
YEAH. IT LOOKS
THAT WAY.
HEY, THANKS A LOT
FOR THAT.
I'M ALWAYS IN THE MOOD
FOR A GOOD TICKLE.
HA HA HA!
Luna: I PLACE TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
Crow: WHOA, MUST BE A DUEL
GOIN' ON.
Akiza: HEY, HAVEN'T YOU
DUELED THAT MONSTER, YUSEI?
REMEMBER?
WITH THE GHOST?
NO, IT WAS
A DIFFERENT TYPE,
BUT THERE ARE
SIMILARITIES,
LIKE THAT MARK
ON ITS CHEST.
THEY MUST ALL BE PART
OF THE SAME GROUP.
WHADAYA SAYIN',
THAT THERE'S A WHOLE
FAMILY OF THOSE
THINGS OUT THERE?
LOOK. IT'S THEM.
SURE IS.
SO THE TWINS ARE DUELING
AGAINST THAT MONSTROSITY?
Lester: AND NOW THE MOMENT
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR.
READY OR NOT...
HERE COMES
MACHINE EMPEROR'S ABILITY.
YOU SEE, ONCE PER TURN,
MY EMPEROR SKIEL
IS ALLOWED TO ABSORB
ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT'S OVER ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD.
THAT THING CAN ABSORB
SYNCHRO MONSTERS?
UH-OH. WE'RE IN FOR IT.
THIS IS BAD.
IT'S LIKE BEFORE.
[ROARS]
Luna:
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
[THINKING]
ANCIENT IS RIGHT 'CAUSE
FROM THE LOOKS OF THINGS,
IT'S HISTORY.
[ROARS]
OH, NO.
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
STOP IT. LET MY SISTER'S
MONSTER GO NOW.
Lester:
I DON'T THINK SO.
HMM...
NO. MY ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
IS INSIDE THAT THING.
THIS IS AWFUL.
WE'RE TOO LATE.
HA HA HA!
THAT'S HOW MY MONSTER
STEALS THE SHOW,
'CAUSE HE STEALS SYNCHROS.
UGH, WHO IS THIS GUY?
WHY'S HE DOING THIS TO US?
HUH?
HA HA HA!
IT'S LESTER.
LUNA! THAT GUY,
WHAT? YOU MEAN
FROM SCHOOL?
THAT'S RIGHT, AND NOW I HAVE YOU
RIGHT WHERE I WANT YOU...
[THINKING]
AND WITH A LITTLE LUCK,
I'LL SOON HAVE MUCH, MUCH MORE.
[ALOUD]
NOW BACK TO THE DUEL AND TO HIM
BECAUSE, THANKS TO HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
HE NOW GAINS ATTACK POINTS EQUAL
TO THAT OF YOUR SYNCHRO MONSTER.
[ROARS]
AND I THOUGHT
THAT MONSTER
WAS TOUGH BEFORE.
NEXT FROM MY HAND, I PLAY
THE SPEED SPELL SUMMON CLOSE.
NOW, SINCE I HAVE 4 OR MORE
SPEED COUNTERS,
YOU AREN'T ALLOWED
TO SPECIAL SUMMON A MONSTER
FOR THIS ENTIRE TURN.
BUT THAT MEANS...
THAT MEANS MACHINE EMPEROR
CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY AGAIN,
AND YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO DO
A SINGLE THING ABOUT IT.
SO GO ON AND
BLAST HIM ALREADY.
YAAH!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP
TWINKLE WALL.
THANKS TO THIS CARD,
BY TAKING DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HALF OF YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS,
I CAN CANCEL OUT
YOUR ASSAULT.
UH!
LUNA!
UH! OH!
[THINKING] PROTECTING LEO THERE
WAS THE LEAST I COULD DO.
AFTER ALL, IT'S MY FAULT
WE'RE IN THIS MESS WITH LESTER.
I ONLY HOPE I DON'T GET
ANYONE ELSE HURT.
[THINKING]
THAT'S IT, LUNA.
KEEP DUELING
WITH ALL YOUR HEART.
[ALOUD] I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
MY MOVE NOW.
[THINKING] TIME FOR A LITTLE
PAYBACK FOR HOW LESTER
EMBARRASSED ME IN DUEL P.E.
[ALOUD]
I SUMMON MORPHTRONIC SCOPEN.
AND NOW, SINCE SCOPEN IS OUT
ON THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON ANOTHER
MORPHTRONIC MONSTER
TO THE FIELD AND
A LEVEL 4 ONE AT THAT.
SO LET'S GET TO IT.
COME ON OUT,
MORPHTRONIC BOOMBOXEN.
AND NOW I'LL TUNE
THE LEVEL 3 SCOPEN
WITH THE LEVEL 4 BOOMBOXEN.
AH, YEAH.
WHEN MORPHTRONIC'S MORPH,
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING.
IT'S A SYNCHRO THING.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE POWER TOOL DRAGON.
ANOTHER SYNCHRO? HEH.
YOU SIMPLY DON'T
LEARN, DO YOU?
GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE
TO TEACH YOU.
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S LEO THINKING?
HIS SYNCHRO MONSTER WON'T
STAND A CHANCE AGAINST
MACHINE EMPEROR.
LEO!
DON'T WORRY, LUNA.
I'M ON THIS. WATCH.
I PLAY SUMMON SPEEDER.
THANKS TO THIS SPELL, WHEN I
HAVE 4 OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN SUMMON A LEVEL 4-OR-BELOW
MONSTER FROM MY HAND,
AND THE MONSTER
I'LL BE SUMMONING
IS LEVEL 1 MORPHTRONIC VACUUMEN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN THE MACHINE TYPE MONSTER
MORPHTRONIC VACUUMEN
IS IN DEFENSE MODE,
IT CAN EQUIP
AN OPPONENT'S MONSTER
ONCE PER TURN.
SO GET READY, LESTER,
BECAUSE THIS BAD BOY IS ABOUT
TO HELP ME CLEAN HOUSE.
I SEE.
LEO'S GONNA TAKE DOWN
MACHINE EMPEROR,
AND THEN HE'LL BE ABLE
TO ATTACK DIRECTLY
WITH POWER TOOL DRAGON.
GO, VACUUMEN.
TIME TO DO WHAT
YOU DO BEST.
I PLAY A FACEDOWN--
THE TRAP CONVERT GHOST.
NOW WHEN A MONSTER ON MY FIELD
IS SELECTED
AS THE TARGET OF AN EFFECT,
THE TARGET IS SWITCHED TO
A MONSTER IN MY GRAVEYARD.
OHH!
OH, NO! LEO!
PLEASE. I KNEW WHAT YOU
WERE UP TO THAT WHOLE TIME.
YOU'RE AS PREDICTABLE
AS YOUR SISTER.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MY MOVE. DRAW.
HOLD ON A SEC,
LESTER.
TELL ME IF THIS
IS PREDICTABLE.
I PLAY POWER BREAK.
THANKS TO THIS TRAP, SINCE
MY DRAGON'S OUT ON THE FIELD,
ALL EQUIPPED AND ABSORBED CARDS
ALSO OUT ON THE FIELD ARE
RETURNED TO THEIR DECKS.
WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT,
BUT THERE'S MORE.
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE FOR EACH
RETURNED CARD,
ONE OF WHICH BEING
A CERTAIN SYNCHRO
MONSTER YOU SWIPED.
[ROARS]
ANCIENT FAIRY
DRAGON'S BACK.
AH.
[ROARS]
NNGH!
RRGH!
Leo: I WARNED YA
TO STAY AWAY FROM
MY SISTER, LESTER,
BUT YOU
WOULDN'T LISTEN.
WELL, NOW YOU SEE,
NOT ONLY AM I GONNA
PROTECT HER
WITH ALL OF
MY MIGHT, BUT I'LL
ALSO DO ALL I CAN
TO PROTECT
THE THINGS
THAT SHE HOLDS DEAR.
DON'T MESS
WITH MY SISTER.
LEO...
YIKES, REMIND ME TO BE EXTRA
NICE TO LUNA FROM NOW ON.
NO JOKE.
I'VE NEVER SEEN LEO
SO FIRED UP
OR SO ON TOP
OF HIS DUEL GAME.
SAME HERE.
YEAH.
DISCONCERTING,
BUT THIS DUEL ISN'T OVER YET.
Lester: THAT'S IT.
HUH!
SO YA WANNA PLAY ROUGH?
THEN LET'S PLAY ROUGH,
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I'M NOT GONNA PICK
ON LITTLE SIS ANYMORE.
I'M GONNA PICK ON YOU.
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW, BY REMOVING 7 SPEED
COUNTERS, I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
MY FACEDOWN SKY A3.
THANKS TO THIS TRAP, BY SENDING
A MONSTER ON MY FIELD
WITH "SKIEL A" IN ITS NAME
TO THE GRAVE,
I CAN SUMMON SKIEL A3
FROM MY HAND.
HIS MONSTER
JUST POWERED UP.
BUT I'M NOT DONE.
NOW, BY RELEASING SKIEL A3,
I CAN NOW SUMMON SKIEL A5
FROM MY HAND.
THAT'S TWO POWER UPS
IN A ROW.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE ABILITY
OF SKIEL A5.
IT ALLOWS MACHINE EMPEROR SKIEL
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
NOW, THIS IS PLAYING ROUGH.
OH...
[EXPLOSION]
AAH!
WHOA!
NO!
AAH!
[MOANING]
HUH?
HUH.
AH.
HUH?
[ROARS]
CRIMSON DRAGON?
UH...
HUH?
HUH! LEO!
LEO. HE'S OK.
I'LL SAY.
CRIMSON DRAGON
SAVED HIM.
LUNA!
LEO IS SAFE.
YUSEI.
[THINKING]
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE.
THANK GOODNESS FOR
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
HE'LL ALWAYS BE THERE
TO SAVE THE DAY.
Jakob: AT LAST,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
FUNNY HOW WHAT SAVES THEM NOW
WILL DO THEM IN LATER.
YOUR BROTHER MAY
HAVE BEEN SPARED,
BUT YOU WON'T SHARE
IN HIS LUCK.
NOW IT'S JUST
YOU AND ME.
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
LEO GAVE HIS ALL FOR ME.
I WON'T LET IT BE FOR NOTHING.
IT'S MY MOVE,
AND I SUMMON REGULUS.
I THEN ACTIVATE THE TRAP
ANCIENT SUNSHINE,
BUT THE SUN WON'T BE SHINING
ON YOU BECAUSE NOW,
SINCE REGULUS
IS OUT ON THE FIELD,
I SIMPLY REMOVE THE SLEEPING
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON FROM PLAY,
AND THEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO FAIRY DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS,
AND THAT'S 2,100.
GET HIM!
YES! IF THIS WORKS, LESTER'LL
ONLY HAVE 100 LIFE POINTS LEFT.
HA HA! I'M ACTIVATING MY TRAP
INFINITY FORCE.
NOW, LUNA, SINCE THERE'S
A MONSTER WITH "INFINITY"
IN ITS NAME ON MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD AND SINCE
YOU ACTIVATED
A CARD THAT DEALS EFFECT DAMAGE,
ALL DAMAGE BECOMES ZERO,
AND ALL MONSTERS
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD
ARE DESTROYED.
HA HA HA!
NOW YOU'RE WITHOUT MONSTERS
AND WITHOUT HOPE.
[GASPS]
MY TURN. I DRAW.
MACHINE EMPEROR SKIEL,
ATTACK LUNA DIRECTLY.
[GASPS]
UGH! LUNA!
SOMETHING'S HAPPENING
DOWN THERE.
UHH...HUH?
CAN IT BE?
KURIBON!
YOU'RE HERE. YOU'RE
ALL HERE, BUT NO.
YOU'LL BE HURT.
[THINKING] I SENSE SOMETHING--
GREAT COURAGE, GREAT SACRIFICE.
HUH?
IT'S DUEL SPIRITS.
Akiza: BUT WILL THEY
BE ENOUGH?
[ALL GRUNTING]
AAH!
NO!
[ALL GRUNTING]
AAH!
LUNA!
Regulus: STEADY YOURSELF, LUNA.
YOUR LIFE POINTS MAY NOT HAVE
SURVIVED THAT BLAST,
BUT YOU DID...
[ROARS]
AND SO DID WE.
HUH?
Akiza: LUNA'S DUEL
SPIRITS MUST'VE BEEN
JUST STRONG ENOUGH TO
WITHSTAND THAT ASSAULT.
RRGH!
THANK YOU, REGULUS.
THANK YOU, EVERYONE.
[ALL GRUNT]
Crow: SORRY,
BUT THERE'S NOTHING HERE.
NO WAY.
I SAW IT WITH
MY OWN TWO EYES.
IT WAS THIS GREAT,
BIG MANSION,
GINORMOUS,
RIGHT, LUNA?
Luna:
YEAH. LESTER SAID
IT WAS HIS HOME.
Jack: YOU SURE? DOES HE HAVE
ANY OTHER FRIENDS WE COULD ASK?
UH, YEAH,
OF COURSE.
LET'S GO ASK BOB
FROM CLASS.
LESTER, HUH?
SORRY, GUYS.
DON'T KNOW HIM.
BUT, BOB, YOU WERE
SUPER CHUMMY WITH
HIM ALL LAST WEEK.
YOU EVEN ASKED HIM
TO AUTOGRAPH YOUR
FACE, REMEMBER?
ALL LAST WEEK?
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
I WAS AT HOME SICK
ALL LAST WEEK.
HUH?
SEE YA.
HMM?
WHAT IS GOING ON?
I DON'T KNOW
FOR SURE,
BUT MY GUT'S
TELLIN' ME THERE'S
SOME BIG-TIME
TROUBLE AFOOT,
DONTCHA THINK,
AKIZA?
I DO.
UH-HUH.
WELL, I SAY
BRING IT ON THEN.
WHY LET TROUBLE FIND US
WHEN WE CAN GO AND FIND IT?
BECAUSE, JACK, TO DEFEAT
THIS SO-CALLED TROUBLE,
WE'LL NEED TO PERFECT
A NEW WAY OF DUELING.
WE NEED TO MASTER THE WAY
OF ACCEL SYNCHROS...
[THINKING]
OR FACE CERTAIN DOOM.